In the last lecture we finished our set up which allowed us to load the item.
Now I want to make sure that if we are in the edit mode we actually don't add a new one but update the
existing one.
It starts in the template with the button name here Desmonte and at all times.
Instead this will only be ADD if we are indeed adding an item.
Otherwise it will be safe.
So here we can check if edit mode.
And if this is true and I'm using a turn every expression here I want your output update maybe.
Otherwise if we are not in edit mode.
So we are creating a new item I will save add.
And now with that we see at Stiefel.
But if I click on item here this switches to update now with Dad of course I also want to change the
way we save this so on ad item.
Right now we always call add ingredient.
No that's not correct if we want to update an existing one.
First of all in the shopping list service I'll add a new method which I'll name update ingredient update
ingredient.
And here I expect to get the index of the ingredient which should be updated and the new ingredient
of type ingredient.
And we have that information I can simply reach out to my ingredients get the one with the index I'm
looking for and set it equal to the new ingredient and thereafter I want to call ingredients changed
and embed my updated ingredients.
And as always just a slice of them as we did before.
So with this I'm now updating the ingredients here.
We need to call this method in on an item if we are in edit mode.
Well nothing easier than that we can simply use the expression check our mode here.
So if it's not that if edit mode if edit mode is true well then I don't want to add a new ingredient.
Then I want to reach out to the shopping list service and call update ingredient.
And if you're able pass my edit item index and my new ingredient overwise then in this case year I will
call add ingredient.
So now if we save this we should see that indeed if I change this to 10 or 19 because I mistyped and
I click update it does update here.
And the same for tomato's it updates your of course.
Also if I renamed this to bread.
So that's working.
That is awesome.
Now let's see if it also works if you create a new item.
Brett now it correctly adds a new one.
And if we now click on this we do indeed edit it so this works fine.
However now I also want to reset the form after updating or creating an item.
And I also want to make this clear button work as well as the delete button.
Let's start with resetting the form though.
In the next lecture